z5370046 Work Diary for COMP9900

Week 1:
Group formed and named on Friday. 
Sam Harrington elected as both the Team Lead and Scrum Master. 
Discord channel set up for team communications by other members.
Contact details shared between some members.
Coordinated team to select a project through decision matrices and assessment of team skills.
Wrote an initial document describing how our team met the requirements for the project. 

Week 2:
Jira Project set up 
Github repo set up
Google Drive Folder set up
Worked on User Stories for proposal
Organised meeting with Ming
Generated most of the questions asked to Ming to understand and clarify the project requirements 
Led the meeting and email interactions with Ming. 
Organised connecting all Team Leads that were available. MS Teams channel with Team Leads now set up. 
Got team to fill out team introduction so the team introduction could be sent to Ming. 
Decided we would use python for the backend and potentially front end. 


Week 3:
Attempted to organise follow up meeting with Ming, only available on Friday, which is a bit late for proposal feedback.
Finished user stories and met with the team to decide on what we would include in our project proposal.
Provided project direction assistance for the team.
Arranged team meeting. 
Finally got in contact with the fourth team and their respective team lead. 
Reviewed and provided feedback on the storyboards

Coordinated Glitch team to put together our project summary for Ming to review.
Created template csv file to define the data format we would be expecting within our platform.
The template csv file proved a particularly useful tool in our meeting with Ming for clarifying our expected data format
Coordinated and led meeting with Ming. 
Updated all relevant user stories based on meeting with Ming. 
Planned first sprint and confirmed with team
Wrote the Product Backlog section of the Proposal
Reviewed the Proposal draft for the team and added comments and missing elements. 
Made final proposal submission.


Week 4:
Planning the execution and task allocation for the first sprint. 
Created and implemented agenda for Team Meeting
Created script for generating the synthetic dataset required for our project.
Monitoring team progress and commitments for sprint 1. 

Week 5: 
Implementing updates to the input company data format for our project
Providing regular feedback on the UI and functions of the UI
Attempting to establish cut-off times for the team prior to our demo presentation
Logging issues that we had in the first sprint to be added to the retrospective. 
Planning Demo script
Narrative part of the demo for Rachid
Planning and leading communication for preferred demo approach for Ming
Narrating Demo for Ming 
Planning user stories for sprint 6
Leading retrospective meeting and making notes
Writing majority of and submitting the retrospective document 


Week 6:
Scheduling meetings
Creating more questions for Ming and communicating these questions to Ming, along with sharing our Demo for feedback
Planning out tasks for team members
Planning interface with Ray
Meeting with Ray to plan Sprint 2
Team mutually agreeing to use week 6 to catch up on other subjects and return to working on the COMP9900 project in week 7


Week 7:
Scheduling meetings
Planning out back-end implementation of new analysis page with Dongxuan and Xiangeng
Planning out the interaction between front end and back end with team so that tasks could be started. 
Planning out tasks for the week for front and back end teams.
Learning more of the backend infrastructure so I can effectively implement my parts of the back-end